The Best New York Style Pizza Dough

This recipe make four 14" pizzas or can be halved to make two 14-inch pizzas

* Flour, all purpose or bread, 28 oz (796 grams) (6.5 cups of King Arthur Brand or 6 cups of Gold Medal brand; see note) 
* Water, 17.4 oz (493 grams or mis) (cool to room temp) (a little less than 2 1/4 cups) 
* Instant dry yeast, 1 teaspoon (3.5 grams) 
* Salt, 2.5 teaspoons (15.6 grams) 
* Sugar, 2 teaspoons (7.8 grams) (optional) Olive oil, 3 teaspoons (11.8 mi) 

Instructions 

1. Place water in mixing bowl. 
2. In a separate bowl, mix salt and yeast (and sugar if using) into flour 
3. Combine flour/salt/yeast mixture into water and mix until all the flour has been incorporated. 
4. After flour has been totally incorporated, add oil and knead for about 4 to 5 minutes (see note) 
5. Test final dough temperature, which should ideally be between high 70s to low 80s (optional) 
Print 
6. Divide dough into 4 equal pieces (using a digital scale if possible; each ball should weigh 11.5 oz [~326 grams]) and place in greased, sealed quart-sized container or oiled/greased freezer bag and refrigerate overnight or up to 72 hours (After much experimenting, I have concluded that I like 3 days best but day 2 is good too). 
7. The following day, remove your dough balls within 1 hour or less of baking and allow the dough to come to room temperature. (the dough will tend to blister more if the dough has not been allowed to come to room temperature however, I often bake coldish dough without problems, just some bubbling) 
8. In the meantime, place your pizza stone in oven and preheat at 550 degrees (depending on thickness of your 
stone and your oven's power) for at least 1 hour 
9. Open each dough ball using care not to degas, transfer to a pre-floured pizza peel (or on parchment paper), and 
top with your favorite sauce, cheese, or other toppings. 
10. Transfer pizza from peel to oven or slide parchment paper onto preheated pizza pan/stone and bake for 4 to 6 
minutes each until browned on top and cheese has melted but not burned. 
11. Enjoy! 

Recipe Notes 

Weighing the flour is "highly recommended. Using a cup to measure will typically yield inaccurate results, plus different flour brands have different weights If you want to use the dough the next day, knead a little more (slow speed for about 8 to 10 minutes) or if you have time to let the dough rest for 3 days, knead for 4 to 5 minutes, low speed or 
